Link to workflow status badge article (#7621)
github/docs: content/actions/guides/setting-up-continuous-integration-using-workflow-templates.md

Once a push is made to your repository, you can follow the status and detailed logs of your continuous integration workflow run on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} and receive customized notifications. For more information, see "[Configuring notifications](/github/managing-subscriptions-and-notifications-on-github/configuring-notifications#github-actions-notification-options)" and "[Managing a workflow run](/articles/managing-a-workflow-run)."

{% data reusables.repositories.actions-workflow-status-badge-intro %}

> For more information, see "[Learn {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}](/actions/learn-github-actions)."

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see "[Adding a workflow status badge](/actions/managing-workflow-runs/adding-a-workflow-status-badge)."
```

## Further reading

- "[About continuous integration](/articles/about-continuous-integration)"
- "[Managing a workflow run](/articles/managing-a-workflow-run)"

> - "[Adding a workflow status badge](/actions/managing-workflow-runs/adding-a-workflow-status-badge)"

Author: ```suggestion
- "[Learn {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}](/actions/learn-github-actions)"
```
